Global Drugs for Herpes Labialis (Oral Herpes) Market

 


The global drugs for herpes labialis (oral herpes) market was valued at USD 925.4 Million in 2019 and is projected to reach USD X,XX2.9 Million by 2027, expanding at a CAGR of 4.6% during the forecast period. The market is driven by factors such as increasing prevalence of herpes labialis among children and adults across the globe, innovations in drug types and modes of action, soaring penetration of generics, frequent transformations in disease treatment, and growing consumer awareness. However, stringent government regulations regarding drug approvals and lack of awareness and knowledge about herpes labialis are key restraints of this market. 

Request for Free Sample @ https://growthmarketreports.com/request-sample/7

 
Drugs for Herpes Labialis (Oral Herpes) Market Segment

Increasing R&D is estimated to create lucrative opportunities in the near future. The emergence of novel therapies is boosting the growth of the market. Recent market trends include collaborations between market players and universities, and mergers & acquisitions among the leading companies.

On the basis of product types, the drugs for herpes labialis (oral herpes) market is segmented into aciclovir, valacyclovir, famciclovir, docosanol, and penciclovir. The acyclovir segment is estimated to hold a large share of the market during the forecast period, as these drugs are widely used and trusted due to their highly effective outcomes. Valacyclovir is considered to be more effective than the previously used drugs such as aciclovir due to requirement of limited number of dosages, long-term effect on the infection, and immediate effect on virus infection; therefore the segment is anticipated to expand at a high CAGR of X.1% during the forecast period.

Based of medication types, the drugs for herpes labialis (oral herpes) market is bifurcated into prescribed (Rx) and OTC. The prescribed (Rx) segment is projected to constitute a X4.8% share of the market by 2027 and is anticipated to expand at a CAGR of X.7% due to the increase in incidences of herpes labialis, which in turn, boosts the usage of the prescribed medication. 

On the basis of dosage forms, the market is divided into ointments/creams/gels/lip balms, medicines, and injections. The medicines segment holds a major share of the market and is projected to expand at high CAGR, medicines are considered to be effective and have a high success rate of recovery. Ointments/creams/gels/lip balms are considered to be effective for instantly providing pain relief on the site of infections and is usually prescribed with the medicines to increase the rate of recovery. This, in turn, increases the demand for the ointments/creams/gels/lip balms.

On the basis of routes of administration, the drugs for herpes labialis (oral herpes) market is segregated into topical, oral, and parenteral. The oral segment holds a major share of the market and is projected to expand at a substantial CAGR during the forecast period, as it is a highly preferred method of consuming medications and is easy to consume. Oral medications are usually prescribed with the combination of topically administered drugs, which in turn, is expected to drive the demand for oral and topical medications with CAGR of X.8% and X.5%, respectively, during the forecast period.
 

Drugs for Herpes Labialis (Oral Herpes) Market Regional Analysis

In terms of regions, the global drugs for herpes labialis (oral herpes) market has been segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. North America is a promising region for the market. The market is this region constituted a X4.6% share of the global market in 2020. The market in the region is projected to expand at a CAGR of X.4% during the forecast period due to the increase in the demand for drugs for herpes labialis, the presence of a well-developed pharmaceutical infrastructure for R&D activities, and the presence of major players in this region. The market in Asia Pacific is projected to expand at a CAGR of X.2% due to increased government spending, rising FDI policies, and growing incidences of the herpes labialis in the region.
 

Drugs for Herpes Labialis (Oral Herpes) Market Report Attribute

Report Attribute	Report Details
Base Year	2019
Historical Data	2015
Forecast Year	2027
Growth Rate	4.6%
Market Value in 2019	USD 925.4 Million
Regional scope	By Region (North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East & Asia)
Segments covered	By Product Type (Aciclovir, Valacyclovir, Famciclovir, Docosano), By Medication Type (Prescribed (Rx), OTC), By Dosage Forms (Ointments/Cream/Gels/Lip Balm , Medicines, Injections), By Routes of Administration (Topical, Oral, Parenteal), By Region (North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East & Asia)
Key Companies Profiled	Apotex Inc, Pfizer INC, Mylan N.V., Novartis AG, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, Zydus Cadila, Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC, Livzon, Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Blistex Inc

